[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna speed through the 2018 hunt
themed slasher Hellfest let's get to it
we opened on orange groves Community
horror night three young ladies are
practically getting their pants scared
off at a fairly elaborate haunted house
they run and scream and have an
all-around lovely time until they get
disoriented and split off this lone lady
finds herself confronted by a scarer who
has been following her all night and
giving her the willies she asks to be
left alone but instead gets stabbed in
the gut the opposite of being left alone
and has turned into a decoration for
everyone to enjoy the narrative then
shifts to NAT greeted by her old friend
Brooke who she's come to visit and
apparently is living with Nats frenemy
Taylor who does in fact need to be taken
in small doses this initial awkwardness
is resolved by the power of their
friendship necklaces which make
everything all better we come to find
that Nats romantic interest Gavin has
scored them all VIP tickets to Hellfest
a traveling haunt we meet Brookes
boyfriend Quinn an event that truly does
not matter and then we're off on the way
we get next positional conversation that
confirms the events of the cold open
occurred three years prior and are well
known they meet the final two members of
their group Asher and Gavin have some
classic young adult conversating do some
pre gaming and then head into what must
be an incredibly lucrative business not
far behind the mentors who we're left to
assume will be our slasher for the
evening we arrive back with our group
who seem to love chatting and provide
expositional dialog that informs us the
haunt is set up with a series of
progressively scarier mazes some of
which have to be completed before
getting to the final maze Hellfest a
McCamey manner style haunt where
anything and everything goes so prepare
to be touched
meanwhile the stalker starts feeling out
his potential victims like the creeper
getting off on turning out the fearless
he picks up a casually available knife
and gets to work our protagonists VIP
their way into the first house where
they continue to talk incessantly and
then have a scare Tosh that figures out
the formula to the maze eradicating the
general sense of wonder and ruining the
scares in the final room they cross
paths with the sassy lady from before
who's now running scared nat now free of
fear attracts the stalkers attention
before directing him to his victim and
then egging him on and staring him down
as he murders her NAT is momentarily
disturbed until she steps outside and
witnesses a similar clearly fake
instance of a stabbing by a scarer we
then find ourselves locked in our own
health fast as the group continues to
walk and banter NAT and Gavin finally
overcome their awkwardness and start
making some racy photo
in the picture booth Brooke witnesses
the stalker stalk off with them so she
chases him down she acts hard but we see
the fear in her eyes as she's confronted
with paralyzing loneliness in mild
singing having talked enough it's now
time for the Deadlands the prerequisite
maids for Hellfest beforehand gavin
tries to counteract his prior poor
performance with the carnival games when
he can't buy a prize straight up he
pathetically resorts to stealing our
stalker confronts him the locker room
where he's told to get out of there and
also to have a nice trip his problem is
your stupid face in the stalker now has
Gavin's phone the rest of them take a
ride to the Deadlands where they have a
confrontation with a whole group of
similarly masked men the men disperse
and the group is led off by several
burlap children they opt for his-and-her
mazes the dudes looking for an
experience that's more extreme the girls
are stalked and then gets split up in
disorient and leading to another
confrontation but not wisely declines to
invite him in and manages to group up
with her friends except Asher he fell
behind and we see him get slow stabbed
in the eyeball hey that is extreme I
guess I'll just have to catch up neck
gets splurged upon and goes to clean up
while drying her hair she gets Buffalo
building but doesn't notice this one's
just for us she think it's a full-on
confrontation in the bathroom stall
requiring her to crawl along the ground
in a disgusting manner but it ends up
being kind of worth it because she
manages to get away she engages security
who has the safety and well-being of
their guests as a top priority with the
secondary priority of being obstinate
and belittling outside after realizing
for the first time that Asher's missing
they get distracted by a stage show
starring Tony Todd Taylor unable to
ignore her love of pomp and pageantry
has volunteered to be guillotine it's a
fake out for the crowd but backstage she
finds herself in a more dire situation
as the prop laid is dropped on her neck
she manages to escape as the slasher
sets up for a second try he runs her
down and stabs her and then Quinn in
full view of the public and this time no
one mistakes it for a fake for some
reason the crowd goes into a panic while
security puts the park on lockdown the
ladies head for an exit even though it's
not marked as such but then find
themselves inside health fest itself oh
man if only they had no oh well I guess
they're gonna have to own that one once
again that figures out the fundamentals
of the haunt now careful to avoid the
lasers they hide away only to discover
their phones have no reception with the
main entrance now block they realize
they have no choice but to venture
deeper into the crevasse they call upon
the power of the friendship necklace and
begin their dark journey they find some
prop torches
that work as makeshift bludgeons and
begin working their way through the doll
room gives them trouble however when
Brooke gets her hammy shredded with an
axe they hide in a dead-end room which
the stalker adeptly figures out
unfortunately the secret door triggers a
congratulatory recording that wasn't
playing before so he knows he didn't
find it he picks wrong when he buries
his axe into a mannequin but then NAT
also picks wrong when she starts to
pummel him with a paper mache prop as
Brooke gobbles off this doll Kerr
pursues Brooke but is also pursued by
NAT who he didn't bother to double tap
in traditional fashion in a fantastic
turn of luck for the ladies the stalker
manages to trigger the very door NAT was
hiding behind allowing her to manage a
little pokey pokey between his ribs
however since she's an amateur he likely
only sustained a hesitation wound
because when the police charge in he's
gone
that leaves NAT and Brooke wondering
what this means for them and hoping
their friendship charms level up to a
point where he can neutralize their
crushing anxiety meanwhile we get a rare
insight into the killer's personal life
showing that he lives in a nice suburban
home and has a family only going out on
a murder spree every few years when the
compulsion overwhelms him just like
normal people and that was Hellfest a
pretty decent movie released in 2018 on
an unrelated note I did want to
officially thank everyone who subscribed
to the channel I don't typically
outright ask for subscribers at the end
of my videos because I figured at this
point people know what to do if they
enjoy the content but if you do watch
and enjoy it it is nice to know that
you're out there so thank you it is
truly appreciated and if you're not
subscribed I would love for you to be a
part of the channel I hope you enjoyed
the video and thanks for watching